An S2I Builder Image can be created from any image. 
The Dockerfile in this the _builder/_ directory creates an S2I builder image from a base centos image. 

( The simple application runtime is represented by the "cat" command and will simply display the contents of any "source code" files provided by the developer during the S2I build process. )

Try the following:

Look at the Dockerfile to understand how it creates a special docker image (an S2I builder Image) essentially by adding the needed S2I scripts (mainly _assemble_ and _run_) and labelling the image appropriately.

``cat builder/Dockerfile``{{execute}}

# Sturcture of an S2I image. 

_assemble_ script - this script is executed during the S2I build process and knows how to 'build' the applicaiton from source code. 
_run_ script - this script is executed to launch the application. 
_usage_ - displays builder image usage information.

Read more about the [Anatomy of a builder image](https://github.com/openshift/source-to-image/#anatomy-of-a-builder-image).

Using Docker, build the S2I builder image like this:

``docker build -t s2i-simple-builder builder``{{execute}}

and execute the builder image like this:

``docker run s2i-simple-builder``{{execute}}

Notice that when "docker run" is executed against the S2I builder image directly (i.e.  without providing any "source code") a message is displayed describing how to use the image.  
The content of the "usage" file is shown.

The above "docker build" command creates the image but only stores it into the local docker storage and not into any docker registry. We'll do the same docker build again but this time inside openshift and have the new image pushed into the internal registry.

Run the below commands:

Create the build configuration which will build our S2I Builder Image (using the Docker build strategry).

``oc new-build --name s2i-simple-builder --binary=true``{{execute}}

Start the build, using the content of the local _builder/_ directory, following the progress and waiting for it to complete.

``oc start-build s2i-simple-builder --from-dir=builder --follow --wait``{{execute}}

If all went well, the new S2I buider image (s2i-simple-builder) has been created and pushed successfully into the registry.  You should see a "Push successful" message. 

Now, have a look at the newly created Image Stream which references and tracks the S2I Builder Image in the registry.

``oc get is``{{execute}}

``oc describe is <is>``{{execute}}

Switch your role now to that of a developer. The S2I Builder Image can now be used to create a runtime image with your "simple application".  Continue to the next step to build and run your own simplified application. 

